README.md, before:


# INSIDE OUT LARAVEL 

>[!IMPORTANT]
>To learn how to install and also to know how we did this project, it's very important that you read every part of this readme. Thank you for your patience and have a good read.
***

## :bulb: Project description
To keep track of our day-to-day life at an emotional level, we are going to create a diary in Laravel where we can insert what we are feeling every day.
***

## Requirements we need to achieve in this project:

- We must view our entire journal on the screen (blade)

- We must view our entire Journal through Endpoints

- We must be able to delete an entry through Endpoints

- We have to be able to insert an entry through Endpoints

- We must be able to modify an entry through Endpoints

- The date and time of the entry creation should be automatically added
***

## :eye_speech_bubble: Project overview

Take a look at how our project turned out.
***

<p align="center"></p>
(screenshot here)
***

<p align="center"></p>
(screenshot here)
***

## :scroll: Installation

### First step 

**Clone** our repository at **Visual Studio**.

> [!NOTE]
> To install **Composer** whe should introduce in **Git Bash** this **command**:

```php
 $ composer install
 ```
(here insert a screenshoot proving the command works)

### Second step

Open the **XAMPP** control panel and follow these instructions: 

- Run **Apache's** and **MySQL** modules by pressing **Start**.

- Open **Apache's** Admin**.

(here insert a screenshoot)

Once we opened it, we should create a database that we are naming *insert name od the database*

(screenshot guide for creating the database)

## Installation requirements

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Tener correctamente instalados **Composer** y **XAMPP** para que funcione la base de datos.

## :white_check_mark: Tests

(screenshot of the tests)

***

## Our team

>[!NOTE]
>Please understand that our team is learning, not everything will look or be perfect. Thank you for the attention.
***

- Diego Santamaria: https://github.com/DinGo21
- Talena Barbosa: https://github.com/talenaa
- Valeria Dobado: https://github.com/ugotchriscoded
- Rebeca Bernal: https://github.com/rebecabernal
- Santino Vigna: https://github.com/SantiVigna
***

## Languages and tools we used in this project

<a href='https://github.com/shivamkapasia0' target="_blank"><img alt='PHP' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=PHP&logoColor=white&labelColor=896696&color=896696'/></a>
<a href='https://github.com/shivamkapasia0' target="_blank"><img alt='css3' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/css-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white&labelColor=079FB0&color=079FB0'/></a>
<a href='https://github.com/shivamkapasia0' target="_blank"><img alt='github' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/github-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&labelColor=000000&color=000000'/></a>
<a href='https://github.com/shivamkapasia0' target="_blank"><img alt='git' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/git-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white&labelColor=FF0000&color=FF0000'/></a>
<a href='https://github.com/shivamkapasia0' target="_blank"><img alt='mysql' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white&labelColor=1C662F&color=1C662F'/></a>
<a href='https://github.com/shivamkapasia0' target="_blank"><img alt='laravel' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=FFFFFF&labelColor=660A0A&color=660A0A'/></a>
***

## Project documentation

## Thanks for reading!

Thanks for reading this readme!

Have a good day! :3
***

Commit message:

Add information to test section.md

README.md, after:


# INSIDE OUT LARAVEL 

>[!IMPORTANT]
>To learn how to install and also to know how we did this project, it's very important that you read every part of this readme. Thank you for your patience and have a good read.
***

## :bulb: Project description
To keep track of our day-to-day life at an emotional level, we are going to create a diary in Laravel where we can insert what we are feeling every day.
***

## Requirements we need to achieve in this project:

- We must view our entire journal on the screen (blade)

- We must view our entire Journal through Endpoints

- We must be able to delete an entry through Endpoints

- We have to be able to insert an entry through Endpoints

- We must be able to modify an entry through Endpoints

- The date and time of the entry creation should be automatically added
***

## :eye_speech_bubble: Project overview

Take a look at how our project turned out.
***

<p align="center"></p>
(screenshot here)
***

<p align="center"></p>
(screenshot here)
***

## :scroll: Installation

### First step 

**Clone** our repository at **Visual Studio**.

> [!NOTE]
> To install **Composer** whe should introduce in **Git Bash** this **command**:

```php
 $ composer install
 ```
(here insert a screenshoot proving the command works)

### Second step

Open the **XAMPP** control panel and follow these instructions: 

- Run **Apache's** and **MySQL** modules by pressing **Start**.

- Open **Apache's** **Admin**.

(here insert a screenshoot)

Once we opened it, we should create a database that we are naming *insert name od the database*

(screenshot guide for creating the database)

## Installation requirements

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Tener correctamente instalados **Composer** y **XAMPP** para que funcione la base de datos.

## :white_check_mark: Tests

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Is important to test the project to check if it works correctly using the command in the terminal:

```php
 $ ./vendor/bin/phpuit tests
 ```
(screenshot of the tests)

***

## Our team

>[!NOTE]
>Please understand that our team is learning, not everything will look or be perfect. Thank you for the attention.
***

- Diego Santamaria: https://github.com/DinGo21
- Talena Barbosa: https://github.com/talenaa
- Valeria Dobado: https://github.com/ugotchriscoded
- Rebeca Bernal: https://github.com/rebecabernal
- Santino Vigna: https://github.com/SantiVigna
***

## Languages and tools we used in this project

<a href='https://github.com/shivamkapasia0' target="_blank"><img alt='PHP' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=PHP&logoColor=white&labelColor=896696&color=896696'/></a>
<a href='https://github.com/shivamkapasia0' target="_blank"><img alt='css3' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/css-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white&labelColor=079FB0&color=079FB0'/></a>
<a href='https://github.com/shivamkapasia0' target="_blank"><img alt='github' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/github-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&labelColor=000000&color=000000'/></a>
<a href='https://github.com/shivamkapasia0' target="_blank"><img alt='git' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/git-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white&labelColor=FF0000&color=FF0000'/></a>
<a href='https://github.com/shivamkapasia0' target="_blank"><img alt='mysql' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white&labelColor=1C662F&color=1C662F'/></a>
<a href='https://github.com/shivamkapasia0' target="_blank"><img alt='laravel' src='https://img.shields.io/badge/laravel-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=FFFFFF&labelColor=660A0A&color=660A0A'/></a>
***

## Project documentation

## Thanks for reading!

Thanks for reading this readme!

Have a good day! :3
***
